hello everybody I'm here to show
For you but characteristics of LG
528 optimus alive to good first
putin I'll show you how the land is
here in the screen lock option
we can put several phone shortcuts
google camera messages any other
secretary you want here too
we can set clock and date and time
calendar on the on-screen shortcut key
We can not unlock
aunt in screen lock settings
We can choose the right type.
we may need not have any kind of
screen lock set a standard lid
then you can draw a picture of yourself
Han here can put a paper
wall of the terminal that already comes here
naug
we can choose clocks and shortcuts
various types such as
so with a larger morris or with
analog clock or digital clock with
the calendar is and here we also digital
with calendar and shortcuts too
we can modify the shortcuts here
down
here on the main screen we can also
modify we can put here tb theme is
land effect that is the basic vice
domino breeze acordeon panorama for you
is loved for example we put so type
wallpaper layer
we can select the gallery of the
lg which are various types or also
We can put pictures or photos of us
we want
I'm already layered here.
here you can see that today
I customized the edit music put to
one a picture I wanted I wanted is
we can also put the index here
in the main screen to temper weather
shortcuts contacts bookmarks gmail bookmarks
music in the goal has schoolbooks
good story of gordy's art is facebook
here I put this facebook me
I put the weather index
Another very cool thing.
f5's very cool property is that you
you can also modify the
messages here with you how we use
many messages are very easy we in
juarez
so leave it and think about it and
decided to put themes to the screens
here is very useful for example
we can put it this way
this way of paper so type drops of
water so nature so more fun
so type a drawing
so we can change it so is sneakers
and no longer play the message screen the
which is a great advantage that LG
put as part of the whim of
lg cellular phone in the quality of
you can play
songs with your headset with a
very good quality of giant audio
premium cell phones
here you can also see the lyrics of
sing along songs
the day was very beautiful doctor of 10
customers distribute themselves through music albums
and artists and genres in their production
current
we can equalize the amount of music with
various audio effects
headphone jack is a low-level
from the low-pitched
vocal reinforcement that gives a very
cool